this is a web exclusive I'm very happy
with them where we are I'm really
pleasantly surprised how quickly buses
pick down picked up the steps he knows
where and what he needs to work on
and after we finished the routine before
I've even had a chance to say anything
he knows where he's gone wrong little
tiny things he wants to fix and he's not
sure about what I found interesting
today was by using the hands more the
things started to go wrong and as you
put that down the performance is the one
thing that most people lack when they do
the show and they can be you know very
good dancers but they can not have a
performance side of it so luckily we
have that okay there's quite actively
the fears might not feel like you want
to move around very much in the end
you're gonna get one chance at this and
it's life and the troubled if you're too
self-critical is you start thinking
about what you did wrong and the dancers
moved on and you can't put it run it the
more I think about the live show the
more terrified and I think that's the
word terrified and calm and I've got to
get over that because the nerves would
destroy
I got it be very a clarion about this
and anything can happen in it probably
well and therefore I've gotta keep my
mind flexible adaptable and ready for
anything